Add event_broker param to custom tracker (#4593)
RasaHQ/rasa: CHANGELOG.rst

  Deserialisation of pickled trackers will be deprecated in version 2.0. For now,
  trackers are still loaded from pickle but will be dumped as json in any subsequent
  save operations.

> - In custom tracker store instantiation added ``event_broker``.

Reviewer: let's slightly change that:
```suggestion
- Event brokers are now also passed to custom tracker stores (using the ``event_broker`` parameter)
```
